[Logs] Apply Overview redesign (#5503)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/logs/_index.md

title: Overview
pcx_content_type: overview
weight: 1
layout: overview
meta:
  title: Cloudflare Logs
---

# Cloudflare Logs

{{<description>}}

> Detailed logs of your website's HTTP requests

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Detailed logs that contain metadata generated by our products
```

{{</description>}}

{{<plan type="enterprise">}}

These logs are helpful for debugging, identifying configuration adjustments, and creating analytics, especially when combined with logs from other sources, such as your application server. For information about the types of data Cloudflare collects, refer to [Cloudflare's Data Products](/fundamentals/data-products/).

---

## Features

{{<feature header="Logpush" href="/logs/get-started/">}}

Push your request or event logs to your cloud service provider using Logpush, which can be configured via the Cloudflare dashboard or API.

{{</feature>}}

{{<feature header="Logpull" href="/logs/logpull/">}}

> View logs of HTTP requests with Logpull. The data from Logpull and Logpush is exactly the same.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use Logpull, if you only want to have access to HTTP request logs. The data from Logpull and Logpush is exactly the same.
```

Reviewer: Could we change the order? First Instant Logs and after Logpull.
